[wip] second try of adding build and interact mode callouts to basics. (#69)
makeswift/docs: product/builder-basics.mdx

<VisualBuilderOverview />

## Build & Interact Modes

> In the Component Toolbar you'll notice two options that dictate how you will engage with the elements on your Canvas; **Build** mode and **Interact** mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Component Toolbar you'll notice two options that dictate how you will engage with the elements on your Canvas; **Build** mode and **Interact** mode.
```

> ### Build

Reviewer: I'm debating about calling this **Build Mode** instead of **Build** mode. Any thoughts? It feels like those should go together as the proper noun?

Author: I actually had this same thought, but the only reason I left it out is because the tool tip when you hover above them just says "Build" and "Interact"
![CleanShot 2025-01-02 at 11 15 19](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bd61a72b-06d7-44c5-b504-6655331cedf0)

> Allows you to drag and drop components onto the canvas to become elemnts. Once on the canvas, stay in Build mode to drag your elements around, as well as select the elements to edit its properties. The majority of your creation sessions will happen in Build mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build mode allows you to drag and drop components onto the canvas to become elements. Once on the canvas, stay in Build mode to drag your elements around, as well as select the elements to edit its properties. The majority of your website editing will happen in Build mode.
```

> Allows you to drag and drop components onto the canvas to become elemnts. Once on the canvas, stay in Build mode to drag your elements around, as well as select the elements to edit its properties. The majority of your creation sessions will happen in Build mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build mode allows you to drag and drop components onto the canvas to become elements. Once on the canvas, stay in Build mode to drag your elements around, as well as select the elements to edit its properties. The majority of your creation sessions will happen in Build mode.
```

### Interact

> Renders the canvas similarly to how your components will react on your live domain. You can use Interaction mode to engage with any interactive element (e.g. buttons, links, etc.) to see its behavior without utilizing [Publlishing](/product/publishing) or [Preview links](/product/publishing#previewing) and leaving the Makeswift Builder. You may also need to use Interaction mode to expose an editable section of an element, like an accordion for instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interact mode allows you to engage with any interactive element (e.g. buttons, links, etc.) to see its behavior without utilizing [Publlishing](/product/publishing) or [Preview links](/product/publishing#previewing) and without leaving the Makeswift VIsual Builder. You may also need to use Interaction mode to expose to see hidden content with an accordion, for instance.
```

> Renders the canvas similarly to how your components will react on your live domain. You can use Interaction mode to engage with any interactive element (e.g. buttons, links, etc.) to see its behavior without utilizing [Publlishing](/product/publishing) or [Preview links](/product/publishing#previewing) and leaving the Makeswift Builder. You may also need to use Interaction mode to expose an editable section of an element, like an accordion for instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interact mode renders the canvas similarly to how your components will react on your live domain. You can use Interact mode to engage with any interactive element (e.g. buttons, links, etc.) to see its behavior without utilizing [Publishing](/product/publishing) or [Preview links](/product/publishing#previewing) and leaving the Makeswift Visual Builder. You may also need to use Interaction mode to expose an editable section of an element, like an accordion for instance.
```

<Frame>
  ![Visual builder showing interaction mode for accordion

>   component](/images/builder/interact-mode.gif)

Author: @jamesqquick I would like to use an accordion component here as an example, but the venture template/default host doesn't have one. Should we just remove this all together or what do you think?

Reviewer: We could just show a hover effect instead? On  a button or nav link?

Author: Okay yeah, I've changed this in the most recent commit
